Petsc 3.16 and Docker/Singularity info (#160)
barbagroup/PetIBM: doc/markdowns/installation.md

* [yaml-cpp](https://github.com/jbeder/yaml-cpp),
  [gtest](https://github.com/google/googletest), and
  [AmgXWrapper](https://github.com/barbagroup/AmgXWrapper) can be automatically installed during PetIBM configuration or explicitly installed by users in advance.

> * The current version of PetIBM has been tested with:
>     * Arch Linux with g++-11.2.0 and PETSc 3.16.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The latest release of PetIBM (0.5.3) has been tested with:
    * Arch Linux with g++-11.2.0 and PETSc 3.16.5
    * Ubuntu 20.04 with g++-9.4 and PETSc 3.16.5
```

> * PetIBM versions prior commit a657821 (or version 0.5.2, included) have been tested with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previous releases of PetIBM (<=0.5.2) have at some point been tested with:
```

    * Ubuntu 16.04 with g++-5.4, and PETSc-3.11.2
    * MacOS Sierra with g++-6.0, and PETSc-3.8.2
    * Arch Linux with g++-7.2, and PETSc-3.8.2

> * Older versions of PetIBM have also been tested on the following HPC systems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the past, we have also been able to run previous versions of PetIBM on the following HPC systems:
```
